

1. Which react version You have worked recently?
2. Do u have comfortable with UI/UX and HTML and CSS
3. What project you have worked recently
4. How do u make sure if person is authroized in the front end app?
5. Are you going to attach token for every request , or do u write any centralized code for that.
6. Interceptors react
7. Do you know what is the important of higher order components
8. In real time how HOF works, in which scenario you have used
9. Have work with lazy loading in react? real time scenario you implemented the lazy loading
10. features in lazy loading, and syntax.
11. What is the **supress** keyword in react?
12. Have you gone through state management techniques in react
13. What is useReducer Do?
14. you have 100 components u want to render on condition bases, instead of bunding all componets at time to UI, u want to load the condition basesi to avoid latency, what is the process u foloow.
15. output question based on slice
16. push and pop in js , difference
17. shift vs unshift in js (difference)
18. map and filter and what is the difference
19. upload feature in react (file upload)
20. blob object in js
21. have you ever get blob response from restfull services , response type as a blob
22. have you ever created LESS,SASS files?
23. if some one asks you to write styles, which can satisfy all devices , what is the best approach you follow.
24. Do you know the importance of media queries, does it work every time, do you see any flaws?
25. what is the importance of material UI.
26. Have you heard about micro frot end
27. If someone assks render the components which are designed by multiple technologies into single dashboard, is it easy to acheive, what is the solution or any suggition.
28. have you ever works with webpacks?
29. how react code get transpiles into native broswer understandable language, which package it performs.
30. you know the importance of common js
31. 
32.
